Feature/modeling and vis and tracking (#1)
snowplow/consent-accelerator: content/visualisation/_index.md

+++
title = "Visualisation"
chapter = true
weight = 4
pre = "3. "
post = ""
+++

<!-- ### Chapter 3 -->

# Visualisation

{{<mermaid>}}
flowchart LR
    id1(Track)-->id2(Model)-->id3(Visualise)
    style id3 fill:#f5f5f5,stroke:#6638B8,stroke-width:3px
    style id1 fill:#f5f5f5,stroke:#333,stroke-width:1px
    style id2 fill:#f5f5f5,stroke:#333,stroke-width:1px

{{</mermaid >}}

> Use Streamlit to visualise your Snowplow data to make it easier to identify patterns and trends in your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Streamlit to visualise your Snowplow data to view the current state of your user consent data```
